Remove TestEngine interfaces from neo3-boa repository (#1039)
CityOfZion/neo3-boa: README.md

```

### NeoTestRunner

#### Downloading

Install [NeoExpress](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Neo.Express) and [NeoTestRunner](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Neo.Test.Runner).

```shell
$ dotnet tool install Neo.Express
$ dotnet tool install Neo.Test.Runner
```

#### Testing

Create a Python Script, import the NeoTestRunner class, and define a function to test your smart contract. In this 
function you'll need to call the method `call_contract()`. Its parameters are the path of the compiled smart contract, 
the smart contract's method, and the arguments if necessary. Then assert the result of your invoke to see if it's correct.

Your Python Script should look something like this:

```python
from boa3_test.test_drive.testrunner.neo_test_runner import NeoTestRunner

def test_hello_world_main():
    neoxp_folder = '{path-to-neo-express-directory}'
    project_root_folder = '{path-to-project-root-folder}'
    path = f'{project_root_folder}/boa3_test/examples/hello_world.nef'
    runner = NeoTestRunner(neoxp_folder)

    invoke = runner.call_contract(path, 'Main')
    runner.execute()

    assert invoke.result is None
```

> Alternatively you can change the value of `boa3.env.NEO_EXPRESS_INSTANCE_DIRECTORY` to the path of your 
> default.neo-express instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively you can change the value of `boa3.env.NEO_EXPRESS_INSTANCE_DIRECTORY` to the path of your 
.neo-express data file:
```

```python
from boa3_test.test_drive.testrunner.neo_test_runner import NeoTestRunner
from boa3.internal import env

env.NEO_EXPRESS_INSTANCE_DIRECTORY = '{path-to-neo-express-directory}'

def test_hello_world_main():
    root_folder = '{path-to-project-root-folder}'
    path = f'{root_folder}/boa3_test/examples/hello_world.nef'
    runner = NeoTestRunner()  # the default path to the Neo-Express is the one on env.NEO_EXPRESS_INSTANCE_DIRECTORY

>     invoke = runner.call_contract(path, 'Main')
>     assert invoke.result is None

Reviewer: this example won't work with Test Runner since it's missing the `execute()` call
```suggestion
    invoke = runner.call_contract(path, 'Main')
    runner.execute()
    assert invoke.result is None
```
